Updated RC Quick start to be more accessible (#2066)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rc/rc-quickstart.md

### Use redis-cli (via Docker){#using-rediscli}

> The `redis-cli` utility is installed when you install Redis.  It provides a command-line interface that lets you work with your database using core [Redis commands]({{<relref "/rs/references/cli-utilities/redis-cli/">}}).

Reviewer: Update links.
```suggestion
The [`redis-cli`]({{<relref "/rs/references/cli-utilities/redis-cli/">}}) utility is installed when you install Redis.  It provides a command-line interface that lets you work with your database using core [Redis commands](https://redis.io/commands).
```

[Docker](https://www.docker.com/) provides a convenient way to run `redis-cli` without the full installation experience.

> Run the following commands to create a `redis` Docker container and connect to a bash prompt within the container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following commands to create a `redis` Docker container and connect to your database with `redis-cli`:
```

> 1.  Download the `redis` Docker image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Download the `redis` Docker image:
```

    ``` sh
    $ docker pull redis
    ```

> 2.  Start a container created from the image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Start a container created from the image:
```

    ``` sh
    $ docker run -d --name redis1 redis
    ```

> 3.  Connect to a bash prompt running in the container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  Connect to a bash prompt running in the container:
```

    ``` sh
    $ docker exec -it redis1 bash

>     ```

Author: I would like feedback regarding whether there should be more information shared for each step here.

> 4. Connect to your database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Connect to your database with `redis-cli`:
```

    ``` sh
    # redis-cli -h <host> -p <port> -a <password>
    ```

    Replace `<host>`, `<port>`, and `<password>` with the details copied earlier from the **View Database** screen.

> 5. You should now be connected to your database. Try these basic Redis commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. After you connect to your database, try these basic Redis commands:
```

When you run the `redis` Docker image, you can open a bash shell instance and run `redis-cli` from the container.

> 1.  Enter this command in your command-line interface. A bash prompt opens in your Docker image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Run the following commands to create a Redis Docker container and connect to a bash prompt within the container.
```

Reviewer 2: @rrelledge this context was provided in the intro para. Consider applying your edit there for precision.

Reviewer: I think one of the issues it that set of commands actually does three things:
1. Downloads the Redis Docker image (docker pull)
2. Starts a container created from the image (docker run)
3. Connects to a bash prompt running in the container (docker exec -it redis1 bash)

The previous instruction sounds like that set of commands only opens a bash prompt.

Reviewer 2: Then I feel that needs to be part of the context-setting paragraph. The step should just be user input + expected result.

When you run the `redis` Docker image, you can open a bash shell instance and run `redis-cli` from the container.

> 1.  To begin, pull and start the `redis` Docker image by using the following Docker command in the terminal or command-line for your operating system:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1.  Enter this command in your command-line interface. A bash prompt opens in your Docker image.
```

> 2.  This gives you a bash prompt running within your Docker image.  From here, you can connect to your database:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Connect to your database.
```

    ``` sh
    # redis-cli -h <host> -p <port> -a <password>
    ```

    Replace `<host>`, `<port>`, and `<password>` with the details copied earlier from the **View Database** screen.

> 3.  You should now be connected to your database and can perform basic Redis commands:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. You should now be connected to your database. Try these basic Redis commands.
```
